2022.2:
 * Version 8.2 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Added div_gen 5.1 core to fix synthesis errors.

2022.1.2:
 * Version 8.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 8.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 8.2 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Removed Example design simulation support. Added versal Edge device support.

2021.2.2:
 * Version 8.2
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 8.2
 * No changes

2021.2:
 * Version 8.2
 * General: Versal Example Design is provided for IP
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1.1:
 * Version 8.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1:
 * Version 8.1 (Rev. 2)
 * General: CHANGELOG:Missing change descriptions
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.3:
 * Version 8.1 (Rev. 1)
 * General: No Change
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.2.2:
 * Version 8.1
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 8.1
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 8.1
 * General: Added Vitis Support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Added support for AXI4 compliant YUV422 and YUV420
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Made changes for FID bit to toggle after every frame instead of every line.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 8.0 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Added motion enable for color bar pattern.
 * General: Added versal support.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 8.0
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 8.0
 * General: Added field_id register, fid_in and fid ports
 * General: Added 10k resolution support (10328x7760)
 * General: Removed license
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 11)
 * General: Updated synthesizable example design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 10)
 * General: Updated synthesizable example design
 * General: Changed baud rate in example design from 9600 to 115200
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Updated AXI Verification IP in Simulation Example Design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Replaced AXI BFM Core with AXI Verification IP in Simulation Example Design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Feature Enhancement: Increased maximum resolution to 8192x4320
 * Feature Enhancement: Supported 8 samples per clock
 * Feature Enhancement: Supported DisplayPort test patterns
 * Feature Enhancement: More configurability, i.e. allow which test patterns to compile in/out
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * Improved support for multiple instances
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 7.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Increased maximum resolution to 4096x2160
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 7.0
 * Completely redesigned IP using Vivado HLS (along with new drivers)
 * Support added for 1, 2, or 4 samples per clock enabling 4K 60fps
 * Support added for 16 bits per video component
 * AXI4-Lite interface required (using the driver with a processor) to configure/initialize the core
 * Three video components supports RGB, YUV 4:4:4, YUV 4:2:2, and YUV 4:2:0
 * Optional Video Timing Controller interface removed
 * One single clock and reset for entire IP
 * Clock Enable removed
 * Optional INTC ports removed
 * Added TKEEP, TSTRB, TID, and TDEST to AXI4-Stream
 * Some ports renamed - aclk to ap_clk, aresetn to ap_rst_n, irq to interrupt and s_axi to s_axi_CTRL
 * Demonstration Test Bench replaced by an Example Design
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter for clock interfaces
 * Kintex ultrascale production support

2014.4.1:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * XA Artix-7 (Automotive) Production support

2014.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed a problem with vtiming interface causing vertical offsets, no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed a problem with the core timing out after a fixed duration, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 6.0
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Defense-grade Artix-7Q, Kintex-7Q, Virtex-7Q and Zynq-7000Q Production support
 * Constraints syntax has been simplified, no functional changes
 * A Video Timing Controller interface added
 * Noise generation changed to give a more Gaussian distribution

2013.4:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production

2013.3:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for out of context
 * Updated constraints to match IP heirarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES Simulator
 * Added support for Synopsys VCS Simulator
 * Added support for out of context flow
 * Updated constraints to match IP hierarchy
 * Added support for out of context
 * Updated constraints to match IP heirarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Added Bayer sub-sampling

2013.2:
 * Version 5.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for IUS in the demo testbench
 * Fixed a problem with setting the video formats on the streaming inputs and outputs
 * Added YUV 444 and monochrome support
 * Right most line of the cross hatch is now drawn correctly
 * Black and white checkerboard pattern added
 * A combined vertical and horizontal ramp test pattern added
 * Auto-upgrade feature added

2013.1:
 * Version 5.0
 * Native Vivado release

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
